Support voxel tilesets containing glTF tiles using the `EXT_primitive_voxels` extension (#12432)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

#### Breaking Changes :mega:

- Changed behavior of `DataSourceDisplay.ready` to always stay `true` once it is initially set to `true`. [#12429](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/12429)

> - Updated `Cesium3DTilesVoxelProvider` to load glTF tiles using the new [`EXT_primitive_voxels` extension](https://github.com/CesiumGS/glTF/pull/69). Tilesets using the previous custom JSON format are no longer supported. [#12432](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/12432)

Reviewer: If you want to provide a but of motivation behind the change, consider:

```suggestion
- Updated `Cesium3DTilesVoxelProvider` to load glTF tiles using the [`EXT_primitive_voxels` extension](https://github.com/CesiumGS/glTF/pull/69) to more closely align with the rest if the 3D Tiles ecosystem. Tilesets using the previous custom JSON format are no longer supported. [#12432](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/12432)
```
